what's going on guys garrett here and in
this video we're gonna be talking about
a brand new grand another 5 PC garage
editor you heard that correct and if you
guys do enjoy the video let's go for 33
likes if we can crush that light go I'll
be blown away without further ado let's
get into it now as you guys know with
GTA 5 on PC comes modding modding plus
GT my PC can lead to a lot of problems
for those that are not informed and I'm
here to let you guys know a few things
you should be very cautious of now there
is a brand new granted little 5 PC
garage editor but it Garrett what does
that mean well this brand-new program
allows you to go ahead and edit your
cars that's right right in your garage
you can just edit your cars you want the
windows to be tinted you can make them
tinted you want to change the license
plate you can make it I love dicks on
the back whatever you want to say you
can make it happen
front bumper rear bumper exhaust fenders
whatever you want to add whether in
stock you want custom rims you want
custom performance with with turbo or
you want an extra engine like engine
number four or power level four you can
make this happen with this garage editor
and it sounds like an amazing thing that
come to gta5 because it lets you save
money you never have to go those hands
those customs you could just do it all
from your garage but the sad part is is
a lot this will probably get you banned
from rockstar on the social club and
it'll probably get you vac banned on
Steam now I'm not really sure how
grander than five anti-cheat system
works if they even use vac but I do know
that roxor does not take lightly to
these types of mods and they will wreck
you they will completely destroy you the
source we found down below if you guys
want to find more information in regards
to the GT line PC garage editor tool I
highly recommend you guys do not
download this garage editor there's a
link down below showcasing how this
works overall it seems like a great idea
but it will own you if if Rockstar finds
out and sees you doing this now
apparently according to the Creator son
of a Darth though or son of a beach I
guess he has both names vehicles do not
stick so apparently if you have a car in
your garage
and you go ahead and edit it it doesn't
stick but after editing them you can
sell them which will allow you to have
some extra money so this may get you
banned so do not try to not risk
I'm letting you guys know there's gonna
be a lot of mods coming out in the near
future whether it's you know a trainer
program that allows you to get infinite
amount of money or use cheats online
whatever the case may be
you always run a risk using mods in GTA
online and Aldi I'll try to keep you
guys up to date with the whole policy
and things Rockstar announces hopefully
that let us know in the near future what
their stances in gta5 modding and
single-player and I'll keep you guys
updated my ability but overall hopefully
this video helped you out if you guys
want to risk it that is on you I have a
link to the source down below which is
GTA universe so big challenge to them
for making this post and I'll keep you
guys up to date with anything and
everything on my face between an
Instagram and of course here on the
YouTube channel where I do daily uploads
and stream daily at twitch.tv slash job
escapers so without further ado I will
see you guys later on today with the
brand new video later guys